The China Dollar Digital Asset Exchange is a global professional digital asset trading platform, headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand. The exchange has obtained the national license of the Digital Money Exchange issued by the Thai government, and is one of the most authoritative, legal, efficient and transparent digital currency trading institutions in the industry.
The team has many top security technicians and has built many cloud data centers by itself. It adopts the security technology of the same level as Nasdaq in the United States and the data tolerance scheme of separating main and standby data. It fully guarantees the security of assets. By using KUBERNETS scheduling technology, it realizes "second-speed transaction" and 2-minute quick cash withdrawal, supports tens of millions of people to operate online simultaneously, and brings users the ultimate experience.
Relying on the advantages of its own enterprises and professionals, the China Dollar Digital Asset Exchange has always maintained its high-speed development, which has attracted the attention and trust of global investors. Its business scope has extended to a variety of fields, such as trading, media and scene technology. It also focuses on creating a "1+5" ecosystem, i.e. trading-centered, actively exploiting media, payment, community, intelligence, public welfare foundation research, etc. Five major sectors, to provide customers with more professional, safe, efficient and convenient quality services.
The China Dollar Digital Asset Exchange is mainly aimed at global users. It provides many mainstream digital asset trading services, such as Bitcoin and ETF, and strives to build a secure, transparent, honest and efficient block chain digital asset trading platform.
